---
layout: post
title: 
date: 2016-07-12 0:00:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
description: 
# 110 marker 1234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789
twitter-body: you write here and it goes on the share for twitter
featuredimg: polar-bear.jpg #if you put an image here it goes on twitter too

author: tiara
---

Ben Wrote this morning:

> if you doubled the BVN base station density, how would it be different? Would it be the same + some more or completely different? 
> 

### Answer 

Annisa says: 
The triangulation/centroid would be more accurate

# Experiment 7

Experiment 7 is just a modified version of experiment 6 but repeated and ran consistently. What we are looking for 
Say we do this experiment and the pattern/shape of results are consistent, in the future how will we tell the system to look for a specific pattern or shape? We aren't sure yet, but this could help us with our next problem if we did, determining what is the closest BaseStation, as it would know roughly, that this is the signal the BS receives when it is closest to something. 

### Exporting Terminal as a json

I kknow this has been said ages ago but I thought it would be good to jsut include it anyway for any readers who havent seen it. a quick way to export the terminal as a json file is after the testble.py > output.json 

this will make a new json file in the same location as the testble.py file you are about to execute. It will take a few seconds to think but you will get a clean run of the info you need which will make life easier for plotting it into some graph producing thingy like matplotlib. 

Deconstruction: http://matplotlib.org/ https://github.com/tuksun/BlankMindBlog/blob/gh-pages/helpers/experiments/ex6/raw_data/polar_exploration.ipynb



### Closest Base Station 

We haven't really tackled the closest beacon problem yet, determining who's closest to what, what is next in turn and who is after that(the three closest BS in order). This is crucial for triangulation. 

# Json file/ Ruby file 










Checking the Boolean value of the Base Station 


http://where-in.space/helpers/expreriments/ex6/raw_data/polar_exploration.html



